everyone I know a lot of people were
shocked by the news this week that Yahoo
Sports would be closing down obviously I
was surprised a little bit about it too
when I heard the news and I know a lot
of people have been asking me what
happens next and I'm going to talk a
little bit about what I can regarding
that in this video but first I want to
say a little bit about Yahoo eSports it
was really just probably the best time
of my career to date the amount of
resources I had to create content was
fantastic
I really enjoyed a lot of the stuff that
I was able to do you know having people
into the studio to be able to interview
them and all that but nothing really was
better than having the amazing team of
people that I ended up with you know
some of them I hired some of them I
didn't but all of them were amazing and
I never could have expected having such
a fantastic group of folks in the short
term I'm spending a lot of time trying
to make sure that all those people have
hopefully a couple different options to
choose from in terms of where they're
going to go next I want to thank the
community and industry for all the
outpour of support that they've given
all of us you know the amount of people
that I've heard from that want to hire
you know the video producers that I
worked with or the shooters and editors
or the writers or social media like just
so many people reached out and it's been
really fantastic so I'm not too
concerned about them and I've never
really been too concerned about myself I
know that if I need to like in freelance
and you know actually in the short time
since I became on the market I guess as
it were although I might Yahoo for the
next couple weeks kind of shattering
things down I have gotten a lot of
really interesting conversations going
so I do think there's going to be some
fun stuff came out for me in the future
I guess now I can sort of talk about
what's next and I don't I don't have
anything for sure that I know I want to
do you know do I want to stay in media
probably but maybe there's a chance to
go do something else I don't know do I
want to join another big media company
and try to you know do something similar
to what Yahoo eSports was do you want to
go do some other video situation I don't
know yet you know I know that patreon is
an opportunity some people mention that
and
I don't know what support would look
like Fermi there I mean it might not
surprise a lot of you guys to know that
la is a very expensive city and
resources to do something like this are
quite high because you need to be able
to travel internationally and do all
this so I don't know still figuring
everything out I don't know but in the
short term I have some kind of fun stuff
to talk about I'm going to be at LCS
every weekend or almost every weekend
while I figure stuff out I'm going to
try and take a little bit of time to
relax and reflect on the past year and a
half and also to figure out what I want
to do and to talk to people about
opportunities but we'll be at LCS I'm
going to be creating content it will be
going on my old youtube channel which
will now my new youtube channel our
current youtube channel which is state
of the League a lot of people may
remember that so all this video as well
as several other interviews will be
going there and actually a lot of people
have been asking about awfully I've a
little bit of clip a little clip here to
play a little message from her for all
you guys that are curious about that hey
guys it's awfully me I'm super sad that
you're also eSports is over but I want
you to know that I am not done creating
awesome content for you guys I will be
in LCS next week doing some interviews
with Travis on his channel and I hope
you continue to support us there thanks
awfully yeah I'm really excited that
she's decided to continue to content I
really enjoyed working with her and
mentoring her and I think it won't be
very long before she surpasses even my
own very meager talents so I'm excited
to have her continue on and keep doing
stuff and I think for both of us we're
going to figure out a system where folks
who are because we're not we're not
going to run ads on the stuff
adblock rates are like 80 percent in
eSports you're not going to make money
there YouTube ad revenue is terrible so
for the people that do want to support
us they can do so at for me they'll be
Travis Khafre comm slash support we're
going to work on getting awfully her own
links so that people can you know
support us either using one of those
things it kind of be like a twitch
donation system so I want to thank
everyone who decides to do something
like that anything from a cup of coffee
to a dinner to a Ferrari I'll accept it
all you
find out that information there and I
don't still figuring out how to do the
YouTube stuff on my own so hopefully
there's a link there or if not down the
description maybe both anyway thank you
guys so much for the support that you've
shown in the past week or so since the
announcement came out got so many nice
messages and wonderful things so thank
you guys so much and hope you enjoy the
content exclusively on a youtube video
player for at least the next month or so
thanks for watching